			LIFEMUSIC PRODUCTION FILMS LOGO

			The screen is entirely black. A voice is heard.

								VOICE (O.S.)
							(ethereal whisper)
					Time...

			A campfire appears, taking the place of the blackness. It is 
			seen and heard crackling for a few seconds.

								VOICE (cont'd)
					...enough.
					
			Cut to black.

			EXT. SOMEWHERE IN TIME - DAY

			An intense song plays over shots of a shoddy white panel van 
			driving, intercut with POV shots from the dash. Credits roll.

			TITLE: SURGERY IN THE DARK 2: TIME ENOUGH FOR SMASHING

			Eventually, the credits end as the car pulls off the road and 
			towards the woods. The van stops where the paved road does.

			The driver opens his door, and steps out.

			Likewise the passenger.

			A shot from the inside of the rear van doors. Tools and 
			electronics are seen on the edges of the frame, out of focus.

			The doors are opened from the outside, and we get a look at 
			the driver. It is JEFF. Bearded and dope.

			He grabs and slides a sledgehammer out of the van, 
			absentmindely tossing it to the ground.

			INSERT: The sledgehammer falls to the ground, and with a 
			CRACK, its handle breaks in two.

			Jeff's head swings around to look at the sledgehammer on the 
			ground. He stares intently.

			The sledgehammer seems to stare back.

			A single tear runs down Jeff's cheek.

			FINN, fat and unkempt, walks up to Jeff and puts a firm hand 
			upon his shoulder.

								FINN
					Are you feeling okay, friend?
					
			Jeff gazes up at the sky as a murder of crows flies by.

								JEFF
					I feel... enough.
					
			The two nod soberly at one another.

			A man--ERIC--runs into frame, screaming. Bats strung from 
			his belt loops, and two more in his hands.

			He smashes the already broken sledgehammer repeatedly, with 
			alternating bats and increasing fervor.

			After some smashing, he pants heavily, drops the bats in 
			his hands, and looks up at the others expectantly.

								ERIC
					I'm bat man.
					
			The three exchange tense stares in a wide shot.

			A LONE CAMPFIRE - NIGHT

								VOICE (O.S.)
					Fuck you, Uwe.
					
			EXT. VAN BY THE WOODS - DAY

			A deer at the edge of the woods stands alert, and then darts 
			towards the expanse of forest.

								VOICE (O.S)
					Yeah, that's pretty much what we'd say.

			Eric is face down on the pavement, with no bats, mumbling to 
			himself.

								ERIC
							(into ground)
					Fuck you, you suck, fuck you. (etc)
					
			Jeff stands motionless, eyes wide and darting in all 
			directions.

			Finn, now wearing all Eric's bats, has his arms raised, and 
			slowly turns his head towards Jeff.

			They nod soberly at one another and each raise a weapon.

			For a frame, the three switch places. Finn on the ground, 
			Jeff in Finn's place, and Eric in Jeff's.

			The intense music resumes.

			Finn and Jeff advance on Eric and begin smashing with their 
			blunt instruments of choice.

			Blood sprays everywhere.

			A television in the back of the van clicks on to static.

			From the side of the smashing opposite the van, we lose focus 
			on the smashers as we push through the violence towards the TV.

			There is a casette in the TV's VCR slot, and a tape is 
			sticking out. The tape is labelled "S. GRAHAM"

			The tape is sucked into the TV.

			We resume our push on the TV as an image gains clarity--

			EXT. WOODED VISTA - DUSK

			We enter the television.

			"Going Up The Country" is nearing its end as we watch a 
			sunset and the end credits to a film.

			The camera swings around to reveal Finn and Jeff.
					
								JEFF
					What WAS that?

								FINN
					Do you think we lost it?

			They look around nervously.

								JEFF
					I don't know, but hopefully we're--
					
								FINN
					--far enough off the beaten path--
					
								JEFF
					--so as to be away from--
					
			EXT. VAN BY WOODS - DAY

			Eric is watching the television. Finn and Jeff are lying 
			bloodied and dead behind him on the ground.

								ERIC
					--prying eyes.

			He smiles to himself.

			The murder of crows from before flies back, in reverse.

			On the TV, Jeff is digging through a backpack.

			EXT. WOODS, CLEARING - NIGHT

			Jeff digs through a backpack. He pulls out a deck of cards.

								JEFF
							(to Finn)
					What does ludology mean to you?

								FINN
					We've no time for games.
					
			The exchange mysterious and meaningful looks.

			CUT TO BLACK

			FADE IN:

			EXT. THE WOODS, CLEARING - DAY

			The TV stands upright on the ground. The screen is blank. The 
			woods are silent.

			An UNKNOWN MAN, injured, limps towards the clearing. He is 
			badly hurt and bleeding a good deal.

			He is dragging a sledgehammer.

			He is wearing a shirt emblazoned with "I MAKES IT RAIN".

			He reaches the TV and drops his sledgehammer to the ground.

			INSERT: The sledgehammer falls to the ground, and with a 
			CRACK, its handle breaks in two.

			The man's head swings around to look at the broken 
			sledgehammer on the ground.

			The sledgehammer doesn't react.

			The TV starts up its static.

			The man's head swings back around to look at the TV. He drops 
			to his knees before it and stares into the static.

								MAN
					More time...
					
			He looks upwards to the sky. The murder of crows is looping 
			back and forth across the sky.

								MAN (cont'd)
					...I thought I had...
					
			A VHS tape flies across the woods and SMACKS the man in the 
			head. He falls backwards.

			Lying on his back, he lifts the tape to his eyes.

			Written across the tape is "WHALE".

			The man passes out, dropping the tape on his chest.

			Eric enters from deep in the woods, walking in reverse, and 
			whistling. He picks up the tape and places it in the VCR.

			He reverse whistles out of the clearing as the tape plays.

			ON SCREEN:

			A CAMPFIRE IN THE BLACK - NIGHT?

			The campfire is the only thing visible in frame. It crackles 
			and pops as campfires are wont to do.

								VOICE (O.S.)
					We shouldn't have come back.
					
			The TV is thrown into the campfire.

			As it burns, and the camera slowly pans outwards, we see 
			various shots faded in over the fire. Each sucessive shot 
			layering upon one the last, and panning outwards in a similar 
			fashion:

			The TV in the clearing. The unknown man lying dead in a pool 
			of blood.

			The TV in the back of the van. Eric still watching with Jeff 
			and Finn still dead in the background.

			The TV alone in the woods.

			The TV in the back of the van, with Finn and Jeff still 
			smashing Eric's bloodied corpse.

			The TV alone in the woods. This shot is instead pushing 
			inwards on the TV, with increasing speed.

			As the shot gets closer and closer to the TV, the overlaid 
			shots disappear one by one until only this shot remains.

			We push into the TV, and it shuts off.

			BLACK

			A slowed-down and distorted version of "Going Up The Country" 
			plays for a few seconds before shutting off with a CLICK.

			Footsteps approaching.

			A lid is opened by Finn. The camera was inside SOMETHING, 
			pointing upwards.

								FINN
							(turning to look
							at someone off screen)
					Gol' dangit, Jeff. This one didn't
					work, either.

			Finn reaches down near the camera, and pulls a CD upwards 
			away from the camera.

			INT./EXT. BACK OF VAN - DAY

			Finn is holding a CD with the words "SONGS FROM AND INSPIRED
			BY SURGERY IN THE DANK" in his hands up to Jeff.

								JEFF
					Toss it in the stack, then.
					
			Jeff swings the van door open, revealing a large pile of CDs 
			on the ground outside.

			Finn tosses the disc on the stack, and pulls the door shut.

			As the door SLAMS shut, the screen--

			CUTS TO BLACK