		ITCHIBAN FILM LOGO

		EXT. SOMEWHERE IN VADNAIS HEIGHTS - DAY

		An intense song plays over shots of Jeff's car. There are
		some driver POV shots. There are some credits.

		TITLE: SURGERY IN THE DARK 2: The sequel THEY didn't EXPECT
		to MAKE!

		The music softens but continues as the credits end and the 
		car pulls up near the woods and stops.

		The driver opens the door and begins to exit.

		Likewise the passenger.

		A shot of the trunk opening from the inside, with the
		driver's body visible standing before it.

		The driver is JEFF, bearded and dope. He grabs a
		sledgehammer and various gold clubs from the trunk.

		FINN is the other fellow, fat and unkempt. He reaches in 
		and pulls out like five bats, which he affixes to his belt.

		They exchange repeated sober nods.

		A FAGGOT named ERIC stumbles out of the car, gaily. He 
		stands up and nods towards Finn and then Jeff.

		Jeff stands alone, staring into the distance. Finn 
		approaches, stops beside him, gazes likewise, and PATS his
		hand down forcefully on Jeff's shoulder.

						FINN
				How much time were we gone?
				
						JEFF
				...two weeks.
				
		INSIDE THE TRUNK, a heap of old electronics and a VHS.

		The grab a gaggle of goods.

		The three of them head off towards the woods, carrying 
		their blunt instruments and electronics.

		They walk across an overgrown single wood plank bridge 
		across a swampy area that leads into--

		THE WOODS

		They traverse the dense wood, determined to reach their 
		goal, brushing away the branches as they go.

		EXT. THE WOODS, CLEARING - CONTINUOUS

		The toss their bats, clubs, and hammers into a pile 
		along with their electronics.

		The glistening boys share another bout of sober nodding.

		Jeff rolls the largest item: A CRT television into the 
		center of the clearing.

		INSERT: Jeff's hand picking up a sledgehammer.

		He SMASHES the screen with a mighty blow. There is a 
		loud POP and glass flies everywhere.

		An aggressive song begins playing.

		Jeff continues smashing the TV, zealously.

		The smashing continues. Finn joins. Eventually Eric.

		This scene continues for quite some time, with other 
		unknown people joining the smashing at various points.

		There are shots of smashing together.

		There are shots of smashing alone.

		Always smashing.

		They smash ryhtmically.

		They smash arbitrarily.

		Over time, the music has faded to nothing. Only the 
		sounds of smashing remain.

		Only tomfoolery and debris remain.

		A VCR is thrown into the clearing by someone.

		There is a slight pause before: SMASH

		The smashing resumes and continues.

		Hands releasing stuff.

		The smashing antics grow zanier and zanier.

		An actor is momentarily replaced by someone else.

		Once nothing but debris remains, a VHS is thrown into 
		the clearing. A faded label reads "SURGERY IN THE DARK".

		A gaze is shared in a still moment.

		Sober nodding.

		They all begin smashing the tape together.

		Eventually, after smashing everything into nothing once 
		more, they stop.

		They lean back on their haunches and pant in a circle.

		They exchange meaningful looks.

		Jeff's brow is wiped, and Finn approaches him. He places 
		his hand on his shoulder, much like the earlier shot.

						FINN
					(whispering)
				...we shouldn't have come back.

		Jeff considers this for a moment, but is interrupted by 
		a rustling coming from the bushes.

						JEFF
				We have to go...

		They leave their objects behind and move into the woods.

		EXT. WOODED VISTA - DUSK

		In one continuous shot, the three men walk off into the 
		distance as the sun sets. "Going Up The Country" plays, and the end credits roll.

		The credits and song have been over for a period of 
		time, yet the shot continues rolling as the sun gets 
		lower and lower in the sky.

		The camera pans around and reveals our intrepid heroes.

						FINN
				Do you think we lost it?
				
						JEFF
				What WAS that?
				
		They look around nervously.

						FINN
				I don't know, but hopefully we're far
				enough off the beaten path so as to be
				away from prying eyes.
				
		Jeff nods in agreement.

						JEFF
				Too true.
				
		An awkward and untimely pause.

						FINN
				Let us make camp.

		EXT. WOODS, CLEARING - NIGHT

		Jeff is digging through a backpack. He is delighted and 
		pulls out a handle of Canadian Whisky and a deck of cards.

						JEFF
					(to Finn)
				Up for a bout of ludology?
				
						FINN
				No thank you. I would rather not.
				
		Jeff looks at Finn skeptically.

						JEFF
				Are you feeling okay, friend?
				
		Finn looks mysterious and evil.

		CUT TO BLACK