			LIFEMUSIC PRODUCTION FILMS LOGO

			FADE IN:

			INT. THE ROOM - NIGHT

			A candle-lit room. Life-size human statues fill the room. 
			They are of varied materials. Some old, some new. Some 
			pristine, some broken. The walls are adorned with paintings.
			
			One painting is the word "painting", "pain" in bright red, 
			"ting" in blue. CHIMES to the melody of "Going Up the 
			Country" begin.

			They continue as a BEING--heavily cloaked in black robes--
			approaches a podium.

			The podium contains an ancient leatherbound book: MANUAL FOR 
			THE PRACTITIONING OF DARK MAGICKS

			The being listens closely to the CHIMES.
			
									BEING
					Ah!
						
			He raises a finger, smiles softly to himself, and opens the 
			book. Hunting for a certain section.

			The being sings softly to the tune.

									BEING
							(along with the chimes)
					Looking up the version; tell me 'bout my boys.

			He lands on the page/section he was looking for: VERSION 10

			His devilish smile intensifies as he turns the page and--

			CUT TO BLACK

			Painfully slow opening credits roll over blackness. Halfway 
			through, a horrible NOISE reminiscent of dial-up fades in and
			grows louder. Not too long until they degenerate into the
			sounds of computer errors, as the credits visually glitch out.
			
			GLITCH CUT TO:

			INT. WHITE VOID

			There is a MAN standing in the void. His back to us.
			  
			The crackling static of a loudspeaker cuts through the 
			silence, with a healthy dose of feedback.

									VOICE (O.S.)
							(over loud speaker)
					Attempt number nine has been registered.
                    Would you like to go back?

			The speaker crackles for a few more seconds. The MAN looks up.
            
                                    MAN
                    I have to. Right now.

			GLITCH CUT TO:
       
			The credits resume with the computer error noises giving way
			to the horrible dial-up noises, which then fades out as
			quickly as it first arrived. Credits end with the title:

			SURGERY IN THE DARK 2: NEVER META VERSION I COULDN'T WRITE
            
			FADE IN:

			EXT. SOMEWHERE IN TIME - DAY

			A slow, booming tribal drum beat POUNDS plays over a shoddy 
			white panel van driving, the scenery behind it mainly forest.

			INT. SHODDY VAN - CONTINUOUS

			The expanse of road is seen from the rear. A flute melody 
			joins the drum beat.

			EXT. SOMEWHERE IN TIME - CONTINUOUS

			The van pulls off the road, towards the woods. It stops at--

			EXT. THE END OF THE PAVEMENT - CONTINUOUS

			The DRIVER (JEFF, bearded and dope) opens his door, steps out.

			Likewise the PASSENGER (FINN, fat and unkempt).

			INT. SHODDY VAN - CONTINUOUS

			The back doors open, revealing Jeff and Finn standing side by 
			side. They turn to each other, and wind up for a sober nod.
			
			The screen is PAUSED, freezing the image and the music. It is
			a digital pause, like a TiVo, with similar accompanying tones.
			
			The player begins to skip ahead, showing a series of still
			frames one by one, with the tracking bar at the bottom of the
			screen advancing with each one.

			FRAME "MONTAGE"
			
			Jeff and Finn in mid-nod.
			
			Jeff holding a sledgehammer.
			
			The sledge on the ground.
			
			Finn with his hand on Jeff's shoulder.
			
			A tear on Jeff's face.
			
			Finn's open mouth.
			
			Jeff's open mouth.
			
			Jeff looking up to the sky.
			
			A murder of crows in the sky.
			
			The same murder, seconds later.
			
			AT THIS POINT, the slideshow pauses for a second.
			
			It reverses to the first frame of the crows, and continues
			showing frames in reverse.

			Jeff looking up to the sky.
			
			Finn's open mouth.
			
			A tear on Jeff's face.
			
			Finn's hand on Jeff's shoulder.
			
			The same shot of Jeff and Finn nodding at one another.
			
			Heads up.
			
			Heads down.
			
			Heads up.
			
			Heads down.
			
			We alternate between these two frames until eventually during
			the alternations, a PERSON starts to enter the frame more and
			more with each swap.
			
			It is ERIC, a gay fucking faggot.
			
			His mouth agape, he gets further and further into frame,
			eventually reaching the middle. Right between Finn and Jeff.

			Now the frames once again progress forward along the progress
			bar: Jeff and Finn turn their heads to look at Eric.
			
			Feet on a crude wooden bridge.
			
			The three on a wooded trail.
			
			Jeff standing in a clearing pointing at the ground.
			
			The three of them holding a TV very unnaturally in a clearing.
			
			The frames resume fluid motion with a CHIME.
			
			The three stand stiff, staring into space.

			Jeff opens his mouth wide. It is fixed in place as he speaks.

									JEFF
					What's on TV?

			He closes his mouth.

			Finn opens his mouth and speaks likewise.

									FINN
					It's a re-run.

			Finn bends down, his upper body stiff and unmoving.

			He fumbles for the "on" button, presses it.

			The TV screen turns to static. An image gains clarity. We 
			enter the screen...

			EXT. THE END OF THE PAVEMENT - DAY

			Eric is face down on the pavement behind the van, a bloody 
			pool beneath him. The tribal drum beat fades in, then out, 
			as Eric's body dissolves into a purple goop.

			The TV/VCR from the clearing sits in the back of the van. 
			On the screen is one inhuman purple eye, staring. It closes. 
			The screen is blank.

			A WOUNDED MAN, his shirt emblazoned with "I Makes It Rain", 
			stumbles out of the forest, clutching a bloody wound on his 
			side, dragging the sledge in his other hand.

			The man limps to the goop, kneels, drops the sledge.

			The sledge hits the pavement. Its handle breaks in two. 

			The eye from the TV shoots back open, and the screen cracks in
			two just like the sledgehammer. There are now two eyes. One on
			each side of a diagonal crack that now runs across the screen 
			from corner to corner. The right eye fades from purple to red, 
			and the left eye fades from purple to blue.

			The POV is now from the cracked screen, a diagonal crack over 
			the entire field of view. Everything on the left side is 
			tinted red--the right blue. The wounded man's image is split
			between these two views. He picks up some goop, and hastily
			stuffs it into his pockets and hurries off to the woods.
			
			Two men exit the van, sporting ancient-looking clothes adorned
			with esoteric symbolism, one primarily in red, resembling
			Jeff, and the other in blue, resembling Finn. RED JEFF holds a
			golf club, BLUE FINN a bat. They exchange a nod/evil looks and
			head towards the woods.
			
			The wounded man watches them carefully from the bushes, checks
			his watch, and then heads deeper into the woods.

			EXT. WOODEN FORT - DAY

			The wounded man struggles toward a small fort made of boards,
			leaving a trail of blood in his wake.

			He collapses in front of the fort, and struggles to pull
			himself inside. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out some
			of the goop.
			
			He lifts his shirt and smears the goop into the wounds. He
			winces, cries out, and clutches his side.
			
			His face falls into the dirt.

			Sounds of rummaging through the forest grow louder, joined by
			distorted laughter. 

			Red Jeff and Blue Finn appear nearby, scout the area. Blue 
			Finn points to the fort. They spew distorted laughs, scurry 
			closer to it.
			
			Blue Finn hunches into the fort and drags the man's limp body
			out. Red Jeff takes off the man's shirt. He notes the goop.

			Red Jeff stands up and looks at Blue Finn, concerned.
			
			They exchange some distorted, unintelligible dialogue.

			A distorted version of the flute melody plays as the man's
			body transforms into a Purple Eric. Eric sees the men before
			of him, and starts bawling, shirtlessly.

			Red Jeff and Blue Finn pull out their signature golf club and
			baseball bats, and swing them at Purple Eric in unison.
			
			As they repeatedly swing at Purple Eric, their faces slowly
			distort into devlish grins as they get hit with purple goop
			splatter.
			
			Purple Eric's wails grow stronger.

			EXT. THE WOODS, CLEARING - CONTINUOUS

			The clearing is calm, but Eric's wails echo through the 
			forest.

			The TV/VCR sits in the middle of the clearing. 

			A tape labeled "RESET" sticks out of it. The tape inserts 
			itself fully.

			On the screen, static appears, with flashes of the purple eye,
			then another image gains clarity.

			We enter the screen... 

			EXT. WOODED VISTA - DUSK

			A flute version of "Going Up The Country" fades out as the 
			sun disappears over a hill.

			On the reverse side of the vista sit Finn and Jeff.

									FINN
					What WERE those?

									JEFF
					Do you think we lost them?

			They look around nervously.

									FINN
					I don't know. But hopefully we're--

			INT. SHODDY VAN - DAY

			Purple Eric squats in the back of the van and watches the TV,
			where the vista scene is seen.

									FINN
							(from television)
					--far enough off the beaten path--

			EXT. FORT - CONTINUOUS

			Seen through a cracked red/blue screen as before, Red Jeff and
			Blue Finn are vigorously smashing a pile of purple goo.

									FINN (O.S.)
							(from television)
					--as to be away from--

			INT. SHODDY VAN - CONTINUOUS

			A close up of Purple Eric's eyes, each colored purple.

									FINN (O.S.)
							(from television)
					--prying eyes.

			Eric smiles, lets out a distorted chuckle. As he chuckles, his
			right eye fades to red, and his left eye to blue.

			On the TV, Jeff digs through a backpack.

			EXT. WOODED VISTA - NIGHT

			Jeff pulls out a pair of purple dice from the backpack.

									JEFF
							(to Finn)
					Do you believe in doppelgangers?

									FINN
					We've no time for double games.

			They exchange serious looks.

			Jeff's rolls the dice.

			They land on snake eyes.

			CUT TO BLACK

			FADE IN:

			INT. WHITE VOID

			The man from before stands in the same position in the void.
			
			The speaker crackles to life once more.

									VOICE (O.S.)
							(over loud speaker)
					Attempt number ten has been registered.
                    Would you like to go back?

			The man turns around. It is the wounded man. He looks directly
			into the camera and opens his mouth to speak.

			CUT TO BLACK

			Faint SCREAMS to the tune of the flute melody grow louder.

									VOICE (O.S.)
							(ethereal whisper)
					Don't leave me here. I'm still inside...

			Faint SMASHING noises akin to the tribal drum beat accompany 
			the screams, before both screams and smashing fade out.