		LIFEMUSIC PRODUCTION FILMS LOGO



		EXT. A CRACKLING FIRE - NIGHT



		The only thing visible in the darkness is the campfire.



					VOICE (O.S.)

				(ethereal whisper)

			...enough.

				

		The campfire crackles for a few more seconds.



		CUT TO BLACK



		EXT. SOMEWHERE IN TIME - DAY



		An intense song plays over shots of a shoddy white panel van 

		driving, intercut with POV shots from the dash. Credits roll.



		TITLE: SURGERY IN THE DARK 2: TIME ENOUGH FOR SMASHING



		Eventually, the credits end as the van pulls off the road and 

		towards the woods. It stops at--



		THE END OF THE PAVEMENT



		The driver opens his door and steps out.



		Likewise the passenger.



		From the inside of the van, we see the back doors open.



		Before them stand the driver--JEFF--bearded and dope.



		He grabs and slides the sledgehammer out of the van and 

		absentmindedly tosses it to the ground.



		INSERT: The sledgehammer falls to the ground, and with a 

		CRACK, its handle breaks in two.



		Jeff's head swings around to look at the sledgehammer on the 

		ground. He stares intently.



		The sledgehammer stares back.



		A single tear runs down Jeff's cheek.



		FINN, fat and unkempt, walks up to Jeff and puts a firm hand 

		upon his shoulder.



					FINN

			Are you feeling okay, friend?

				

		Jeff gazes up at the sky as a murder of crows flies by.



					JEFF

			I feel... enough.

				

		The two nod soberly at one another.



		A man--ERIC--runs into frame, screaming. Bats strung from 

		his belt loops, and two more in his hands.



		He smashes the already broken sledgehammer repeatedly, with 

		alternating bats and increasing fervor.



		After some smashing, he pants heavily, drops the bats in 

		his hands, and looks up at the others expectantly.



						ERIC

			I'm bat man.

				

		The three exchange tense stares.



		A deer at the edge of the woods stands alert, and then 

		darts off towards the expanse of forest.



		Eric is face down on the pavement, with no bats, mumbling 

		to himself.



						ERIC

					(into ground)

			Fuck you, you suck, fuck you. (etc.)

				

		Jeff stands motionless, eyes wide and darting in all 

		directions.



		Finn, now wearing all Eric's bats, has his arms held straight

		out from his torso. He slowly turns his head to Jeff.



		They nod soberly at one another and each raise a weapon.



		For a frame, the three switch places. Finn on the ground,

		Jeff in Finn's place, and Eric in Jeff's.



		The intense music resumes.



		Finn and Jeff advance on Eric and begin smashing with their 

		blunt instruments of choice.



		Blood sprays everywhere.



		A television with a built-in VCR sitting in the back of the 

		van clicks on to static. It has a tape sticking out.



		Ignoring the violence, we push in on the TV. Eventually we 

		can see that the tape reads "S. GRAHAM".



		As we approach, the tape is sucked into the TV and plays.



		As the image on the TV gains clarity, we push into the screen:



		EXT. WOODED VISTA - DUSK



		"Going Up The Country" is nearing its end as we watch a 

		sunset and the end credits to a film.



		The camera swings around to reveal Finn and Jeff.

				

					FINN

			What WAS that?



					JEFF

			Do you think we lost it?



		They look around nervously.



					FINN

			I don't know, but hopefully we're--

				

		EXT. VAN, THE END OF THE PAVEMENT - DAY



		The scene is not as we left it. Finn and Jeff are dead and 

		bloodied on the pavement. Eric is watching the TV, unharmed.



					FINN (CONT'D)

				(from television)

			--far enough off the beaten path--



		The murder of crows from before flies back, in reverse.

				

					FINN (CONT'D)

				(from television)

			--so as to be away from--

				

		A close up of Eric's eyes.		

				

					FINN (CONT'D)

				(on television)

			--prying eyes.



		Eric smiles to himself.



		The deer from before darts back into the scene in reverse.



		On the TV, Jeff is digging through a backpack.



		EXT. WOODS, CLEARING - NIGHT



		Jeff digs through a backpack. He pulls out a deck of cards.



					JEFF

					(to Finn)

			What does ludology mean to you?



					FINN

			We've no time for games.

				

		The exchange mysterious and meaningful looks.



		CUT TO BLACK



		FADE IN:



		EXT. THE WOODS, CLEARING - DAY



		The TV stands upright on the ground. The screen is blank. The 

		woods are silent.



		A WOUNDED MAN, limps towards the clearing. He is badly hurt

		and bleeding out of his clutched side.



		He is dragging a sledgehammer.



		He is wearing a shirt emblazoned with "I MAKES IT RAIN".



		He reaches the TV and drops his sledgehammer to the ground.



		INSERT: The sledgehammer falls to the ground, and with a 

		CRACK, its handle breaks in two.



		The man's head swings around to look at the broken 

		sledgehammer on the ground.



		The sledgehammer doesn't react.



		The TV starts up with static.



		The man's head swings back around to look at the TV. He drops 

		to his knees before it and stares into the static.



					MAN

			More time...

				

		He looks upwards to the sky. The murder of crows is looping 

		back and forth across the sky.



					MAN (cont'd)

			...I thought I had...

				

		A VHS tape flies across the woods and SMACKS the man in the 

		head. He falls backwards.



		Lying on his back, he lifts the tape to his eyes.



		Written across the tape, written in blood, is "WHALE".



		The man passes out, dropping the tape to his side.



		Eric enters from deep in the woods, walking in reverse, and 

		whistling. He picks up the tape and places it in the VCR.



		He reverse whistles out of the clearing as the tape plays.



		ON SCREEN:



		EXT. A CRACKLING FIRE - NIGHT



		The only thing visible in the darkness is the campfire.



					VOICE (O.S.)

			We shouldn't have come back.



		The TV is thrown into the campfire.



		We enter the television world, as the TV thrown on the fire 

		burns/melts for a few seconds.



					VOICE (O.S.)

			Time...

				

		The TV shuts off.



		BLACKNESS



		A slowed-down and distorted version of "Going Up The Country" 

		plays for a few seconds before shutting off with a CLICK.



		Footsteps approaching.



		A lid is opened by Finn. The camera was inside the newly 

		opened thing, pointing upwards.



					FINN

				(turning to look

				at someone off screen)

			Gol' dangit, Jeff. This one didn't

			work, either.



		Finn reaches down next to the camera, and pulls a CD upwards 

		away from the camera.



		INT./EXT. BACK OF VAN, THE END OF THE PAVEMENT - DAY



		Finn is holding a CD with the words "SONGS FROM AND INSPIRED

		BY SURGERY IN THE DANK" in his hands up to Jeff.



					JEFF

			Toss it in the stack, then.

				

		Jeff swings the van door open, revealing a large pile of CDs 

		on the ground outside.



		Finn tosses the disc on the stack, and pulls the door shut.



		As the door SLAMS shut, the screen--



		CUTS TO BLACK
    
                At this point, the film restarts from the beginning, sans logo.
                
                
                
                Various driving sounds, muffled speech, etc. are heard over a black
                
                screen.
                
                
                
                The POV is now the sledgehammer, viewing all previous events
                
                from it's point of view.
                
                
                
                It views the beatings of ERIC, JEFF, and FINN. The characters are
                
                similar, but look slightly different.
                
                
                
                Only the injured man is totally the same as before.
                
                
                
                
                After the events that the sledge was able to view from it's
                
                position, the sky and surrounding woods flash with blue.
                
                
                
                
                                        Distorted Voice (O.S.)
                                        
                           Tapes...
                           
                           
                The camera begins to dolly up, slowly panning down to view
                
                the sledge in frame. 
                
                
                
                
                Bird's eye view, 20 ft in the air, looking at sledge.
                
                
                
                Arm in arm, two scantily clad men begin to walk into frame.
                
                
                
                The camera reverses it's movements until it's the same sledge
                
                POV from before.
                
                
                
                
                The men, who look eerily similar, gaze at the
                
                sledge (camera) inquisitively.
                
                
                
                
                                      LEFT MAN
                                        
                         Do you believe in doplargangers?
                         
                         
                         
                         
                 RIGHT MAN does not break eye contact with the sledge.
                 
                 
                 
                 
                                      RIGHT MAN
                                       
                            I think it's "dopplegangers".
                            
                            
                            
                            
                LEFT MAN quickly becomes enraged upon hearing this.
                
                
                
                
                He begins screaming, lunging at and tackling 
                
                RIGHT MAN, falling out of frame.
                
                
                
                
                Brutal fighting sounds are heard off screen.
                
                
                
                
                As the sounds begin to subside into heavy breathing,
                
                hurried footsteps are approach the screen.
                
                
                
                
                The bloodied face/body of one of the men appears
                
                in frame.
                
                
                
                He quickly grabs the sledge (camera) and begins
                
                sprinting off into the woods.
                
                
                
                
                Eventually, the man stops, dead in his tracks.
                
                
                
                
                A sharp, wet stabbing sound is heard.
                
                
                
                With only the man's face and shoulders in frame,
                
                he looks down.
                
                
                
                
                An explosive gush of blood exits his wide open
                
                mouth.
                
                
                CUTS TO BLACK
                
                
                Fade in on a dark, candle lit room.
                
                
                
                The walls/room is covered in vaguely religious
                
                symbols, statues, and paitings.
                
                
                
                One painting in particular is the word
                
                "painting", with just "pain" bright red.
                
                
                
                
                Melodic screaming is heard at this point, cut
                
                to a view behind a being at a piano.
                
                
                
                
                The piano is warped and styled to look like
                
                an opened, screaming mouth, keys being teeth.
                
                
                
                
                The being is heavily cloaked in black robes.
                
                
                
                With every stroke of the keys, corresponding
                
                screams escape the piano.
                
                
                
                
                The melody starts to become darker.
                
                
                
                
                A soft singing from the being can now be heard.
                
                
                
                
                                        BEING
                                        
                           Tapes are felt, needing tape so
                           
                       wanting isn't real. (or fucking whatever)
                       
                       
                       
                       
                
                From behind the man, the camera slowly cranes up, 
                
                peering over the being.
                
                
                
                
                In the center of the room in front of the being
                
                is the broken sledge.
                
                
                
                
                The being continues to play screams.
                
                
                CUTS TO BLACK
                                       
                
                
                
                
                
              
                
                
                
                
               
                         
                
                
                
                
                
                
                
              
                
                
                
                
    
