               ITCHIBAN FILM LOGO

               EXT. SOMEWHERE IN TIME - DAY

               An intense song plays over shots of a van driving, intercut 
               with interior/POV shots.  There are some credits.

               TITLE: SURGERY IN THE DARK 2: SMASHTERPIECE

               The music softens but continues, the credits end, the car 
               pulls towards the woods, stops where the paved road ends.

               The driver opens the door, steps out of the car.

               Likewise the passenger.

               The rear van doors open, revealing the driver.

               The driver is JEFF, bearded and dope. He grabs a sledgehammer 
               from inside the van.  

               He looks at the club a moment, pensive.  A single tear runs 
               down his cheek.  

               The sledgehammer SLAMS onto the pavement.  He throws clubs 
               back into the trunk, save for one.

               He furiously SMASHES the club against the sledge.  The music 
               halts.  He smashes several times.  He gives up. 

               FINN, fat and unkempt, walks up to Jeff, puts a hand firm 
               upon his shoulder.

                                     FINN
                         Are you feeling okay, friend?

               Jeff wipes his brow.

                                     JEFF
                         I feel enough.

               Jeff regains composure.  Finn and Jeff share a look, nod 
               soberly.

               Jeff grabs other golf clubs, blunt objects.  Finn pulls out 
               like five bats.  

               Finn affixes the bats to his belt.

               They exchange further sober nods.

               A murder of crows flies across the sky.

               A deer at the edge of the woods stands alert, darts towards 
               the expanse of forest.

               Jeff stands motionless, eyes wide and darting in all 
               directions.

               Finn, also motionless, arms raised, turns his head slowly 
               toward Jeff.

               They share another look and nod.  They each ready a blunt 
               object  in their arms.

               The intense music resumes. 

               ERIC, a faggot, falls out of the back of the van, gaily. He 
               nods towards Finn from the ground, then to Jeff.

               Jeff narrows his eyes.

               Finn does the same.

               They raise their blunt objects over Eric, SMASH repeatedly 
               down towards him.

               Blood spatters against the pavement and van from Eric amongst 
               noise of smashing.

               They grow tired, slowly cease smashing, drop their blunt 
               instruments.  Jeff paces away from the van, then Finn.  A 
               skeleton lies where Eric's body once was.  The music fades 
               out.

               Jeff stands alone, staring into the distance. Finn approaches, 
               stops beside him, gazes likewise, and PATS his hand down 
               forcefully on Jeff's shoulder.

                                     FINN
                         Why here?

                                     JEFF
                         ...It's the only place I ever known.

               The two of them toss the skeleton into the adjacent swamp.

               The boys sniffle and fight forming tears.

               But the skeleton suddenly stands upright, walks towards them 
               from the swamp.

               The deer from before runs back, in reverse. 

               The murder of crows from before flies back, in reverse. 

               Inside the trunk, a heap of old electronics, including an 
               old CRT TV and a VHS.

               The skeleton stands before the open trunk.

               The skeleton's arm motions towards the TV, hesitates, then 
               to the VHS.

               It moves slowly closer to the VHS, then darts to the TV, 
               hits the power button.  The TV turns on, static on the screen.

               The skeleton takes a step back, stands still a moment, 
               collapses to the ground.

               It lies motionless on the ground, a bloody pool beneath it. 

               On the TV screen, an image gains clarity...

               EXT. WOODED VISTA - DUSK

               We enter the television universe.

               "Going Up the Country" or that other song plays very quietly 
               and fades to silence.  The sun over a hill on the horizon 
               gets lower and lower in the sky.

               A 180 turn reveals our intrepid heroes Finn and Jeff.

                                     FINN
                         Do you think we lost it?

                                     JEFF
                         What WAS that?

               They look around nervously.

                                     FINN
                         I don't know, but hopefully we're 
                         far enough off the beaten path so as 
                         to be away from prying eyes.

               Jeff nods soberly in agreement.

                                     JEFF
                         Trill.

               An awkward and untimely pause.

                                     FINN
                         We have to camp.

               EXT. WOODS, CLEARING - NIGHT

               Jeff digs through a backpack. He pulls out a handle of 
               Canadian Whisky with delight, and a deck of cards.

                                     JEFF
                              (to Finn)
                         What does ludology mean to you?

                                     FINN
                         I've no time for games. 

               Jeff looks at Finn skeptically.

                                     JEFF
                         ...We've two weeks out here, at least. 

               Finn looks mysterious and evil.

               CUT TO BLACK

               FADE IN:

               EXT. THE WOODS, CLEARING - DAY

               The TV stands upright on the ground.  The screen is blank.  
               The woods are silent.

               An UNKNOWN MAN, injured, limps towards the clearing.  He 
               clutches at his side, blood beneath his grasp.  His movements 
               are labored.

               He drags a sledgehammer in his other hand.

               He sports a shirt with "I makes it rain" written on the front.

               He eventually makes it to the TV, stops, drops to his knees.

               He drops the sledge, puts both hands around the TV, caresses 
               it.

               He gazes into the blank screen, and the screen gazes at him.

               Disturbing sound effects accompany gazes back and forth 
               between them.

               The unknown man kisses the TV passionately, with tongue.

               All of the blunt objects seen in the van are thrust by unseen 
               forces towards the man and TV rom all directions.

               The man is startled, scrambles to his feet.  He spins around 
               to see who's there.

               No one, all around him.

               A quizzical look on his face changes to shock again.  He 
               spots the former wound on his side, now healed.  No trace of 
               blood.

               He looks back down at the blunt instruments.  They're all 
               pointing the same way.

               His eyes follow where it leads.

               He walks several meters in that direction, until he sees a 
               VHS on the ground, with a tape sticking out.

               He kneels, examines the VHS.  He removes the tape.

               Upon examination, he sees the word "WHALE" written on the 
               front of the tape, in blood.

               With careful, cautious movements he places the tape back in 
               the VHS, but shoves it in all the way.

               A terrible NOISE from behind him, he darts back around.

               The blunt objects all now lean against the TV, in a cone 
               formation over it.  A strange light emits from the screen.

               The man' lip quivers.  He looks in all direction in a panic.

               A loud HUM emanates from the TV.

               The noise entrances the man.  He moves zombie-like towards 
               the TV.

               His speed increases exponentially.  Suddenly he sprints to 
               the TV, head first.

               His head meets the blunt object-surrounded TV and he thrusts 
               it through the screen.

               It enters the screen as if he entered a TV made of Jello.  
               His head is quickly stuck within.  

               The blunt objects fall away from the TV.

               The man stands, struggles to remove the TV, stumbles around.

               The blunt objects arise from the ground one after another, 
               by unseen forces.

               A blunt object strikes the TV.

               Another one strikes the man.

               Another one strikes the moon.

               The objects strike the man and TV repeatedly.

               Again.  And again.

               Soon, the man's wound from before has re-formed due to blunt 
               force trauma.

               They strike rhythmically.

               They strike arbitrarily.

               The man/TV collapses.

               The objects pause in the air.

               The striking continues.

               The man stops moving.

               The TV breaks more and more.

               The striking slows.

               One by one, blunt objects freeze in the air.

               One by one, they drop to the ground.

               Soon the objects are all grounded, again pointing to the 
               VHS. 

               The VHS tape ejects.

               The tape now has "I have to go..." written on the front, in 
               crayon

               The tape enters the VHS by itself.

               EXT. THE WOODS, CAMPFIRE - NIGHT

               Finn and Jeff sit on opposite sides of a roaring campfire.  
               Jeff takes a swig from his whisky handle.

                                     FINN
                         We shouldn't have come back.

               Jeff considers this for a moment, but rustling coming from 
               the bushes interrupts him.  He faces the rustling.

                                     JEFF
                         We have to go.

               Jeff draws a card from the deck.

               On the card: a frowning skeleton clutching its bony side.

               FADE TO BLACK
