               LIFEMUSIC PRODUCTION FILMS LOGO

               FADE IN:

               INT. THE ROOM - NIGHT

               A candle-lit room. Life-size human statues fill the room, 
               all of them frowning, old, decrepit, some of them broken. 
               The walls are adorned with paintings.

               One painting is the word "painting", "pain" in bright red, 
               "ting" in blue. CHIMES play a familiar melody.

               They continue as a BEING cloaked in black robes approaches a 
               podium.

               The podium contains an ancient leatherbound book: THE 
               PRACTITIONERS OF TIME

               The being raises a finger, frowns to himself, opens the book.  
               He hunts for a certain section.

               The being sings softly amidst the chimes.

                                     BEING
                         I can't save my boys...

               He lands on the section he was looking for: "v11".

               His lip quivers.  He turns the page, and we...

               CUT TO BLACK

               The blackness lingers, then an instant of glitchy imagery 
               with horrible distorted noise takes us to...

               INT. WHITE VOID

               A MAN stands alone, only seen from the back.

               The crackling static of a loudspeaker cuts through the 
               silence, with a healthy dose of feedback.

                                     VOICE (O.S.)
                              (over loud speaker)
                         ...E-lev-en.

               The speaker is directly above them man. It speaker crackles 
               a few more seconds, broken by the voice,  now more emphatic.

                                     VOICE
                         ...E...LEV-EN. 

               The MAN looks up, stretches his mouth wide open.  Inside, 
               nothing but darkness.

               We press into his mouth.  Inside, another moment of glitchy 
               imagery and distortion.  We're in... 

               INT. SHODDY VAN - DAY

               The back of the van has no seating.  Only a lone tire in the 
               center.

               Inside the tire, a void of darkness.

               The van begins to shake, a RUMBLE creeps in outside.

               Slow motion: a pendant pops out from the void in the tire's 
               center

               The pendant bears the image of a bearded man with one red 
               eye and one blue.  It slowly rises in the air, drops back 
               into the tire's void.

               The tire's center morphs from black void to pure crimson, 
               deep azure, then purple haze.

               Glitchy purple imagery, distortion, cut to... 

               EXT. WOODED VISTA - DAY

               A lone sledgehammer on the ground.

               A slight purple hand print on its cracked handle.

               A murder of crows in the sky flies, slows to a sky crawl.

               Glitched imagery and distortion.

               EXT. THE WOODS, CLEARING - EVENING

               JEFF, hairy with green glasses, and FINN, hairy and fat, sit 
               cross-legged around a dead, depleted clearing on the forest 
               floor.

               A look of abject defeat on Jeff's face as he gazes down on 
               the clearing.

               Finn looks just as empty as he stares ahead at Jeff. 

               Jeff's eyes and mouth now wide, he looks pained af, gritting 
               his teeth harshly.  He trembles as if about to split apart.

               Finn now with a look of ecstatic delight.

               We alternate between the two reactions, each cut getting 
               quicker than the last.  It becomes so rapid that it turns 
               into glitchy imagery and distorted noise.  Cut to...

               EXT. WOODEN FORT - MORNING

               From within a small fort of wooden boards in the woods, there 
               is faggy GIGGLNG.

               Various clothing items are strewn about nearby branches.

               An open bag of marshmallows is spilled outside of the fort.

               We creep nearer to the fort, the giggler within coming into 
               view.  It is ERIC, a gay fucking faggot.  He wears a half 
               shirt and jorts, stirs a mug with a spoon, darts his eyes 
               around like a lunatic.

               The mug he stirs contains foamy brown goopy liquid.  Bits 
               spill out as he stirs.

               Eric lifts a spoonful to his giggling mouth, still unable to 
               look at one thing for two seconds.

               The spoon approaches his mouth.  The giggles subside.

               The spoon goes inside, lingers within.

               Eric stops moving, his gaze fixed ahead, stalwart and 
               resolute.

               He removes the spoon.  A brown void covers the spoon.

               Brown.  Then glitchy imagery and brown noise.

               EXT. SWAMPY BROWN FILTH - DAY

               Unbroken, silent view of the filth.  Various trash and items 
               float.  A distant murder of crows CAW, then a return to the 
               silence.  Just a swampy heap.

               Until... The most horrific distorted noise.  Glitchy imagery 
               lags behind.  The noise drags, the view of swamp unchanged.  
               Finally, glitchy imagery, and...

               EXT. THE WOODS - EVENING

               Point of view of someone running, WHEEZES and PANTS of the 
               runner.  He runs through the woods, down through the clearing, 
               looks around in a panic.  He turns back, runs and runs, passes 
               the wooden fort, makes a wrong turn, gasps and hacks, turns 
               again to run toward a bridge.  The exit in sight.  But he 
               trips.  Face first, he plummets into the wooden bridge.

               High pitched noise and glitchy imagery.

               INT. BLUE VOID

               Falsetto singers harmonize, heard only from the right.  A 
               fat guy's silhouette enters.  He removes his pants, tosses 
               them aside.  He removes his underpants, tosses them likewise.  
               He grabs his silhouetted junk, waggles it around, sticks out 
               his tongue.  His voice joins the falsetto harmony.

               EXT. RED VOID

               A piano plays a monophonic melody, heard only from the left.  
               It plays an entire song, the red void remaining constant.  
               After the song finishes...

                                     VOICE (O.S.)
                         They're like me now... 

               A more subdued take on the glitchy imagery and distorted 
               noise.  Then...

               EXT. TV SET - NIGHT

               The screen bears the subdued glitchy imagery, emits the 
               distorted noise.  The image and sound cuts out.  A lull, 
               then voices come in, with static imagery on the TV mimicking 
               waveforms of the speech, the first voice with blue static, 
               the second red.

                                     VOICE 1 (O.S.)
                         What's on TV?

                                     VOICE 2 (O.S.)
                         It's a re-run.

                                     VOICE 1
                         How many times did it run?

                                     VOICE 2
                         It ran.  It ran and it ran.  But it 
                         couldn't out-run.  Only re-run.

                                     VOICE 1
                         Times enough, then?

                                     VOICE 2
                         Naturally.  It got what it had coming.  
                         Everything does.  It's all times 
                         enough.

                                     VOICE 1
                         I see.

               A third voice joins, its staticy waveforms purple.

                                     VOICE 3
                         Couldn't run off the beaten path, 
                         for the beaten path beats us all.

                                     VOICE 1 & VOICE 2
                         Nothing can save us.

               Glitch to black. 
