               ITCHIBAN FILM LOGO

               EXT. SOMEWHERE IN VADNAIS HEIGHTS - DAY

               An intense song plays over shots of Jeff's car.  Some driver 
               POV shots.  Some credits. 

               TITLE: SURGERY IN THE DARK 2: The sequel THEY didn’t EXPECT 
               to MAKE!

               The music continues, but the credits end.  The car pulls up 
               near the woods, stops.

               The driver opens his door, begins to exit.

               The passenger does the same.

               The car's trunk opens, the driver stands before it.

               JEFF, bearded, dope, grabs a blunt object from the trunk, 
               hands it to FINN, grabs another for himself.

               They exchange sober looks, nod repeatedly.

               A FAGGOT grins, nods towards Jeff, then Finn. 

               JEFF stands, gazes into the distance.  FINN approaches, stops 
               beside him, gazes likewise, puts his hand on Jeff’s shoulder.

                                     FINN
                         How much time were we gone?

                                     JEFF
                         ...Two weeks.

               Inside the trunk, a heap of old electronics.

               They grab as much of the things as they can hold.

               They carry their blunt objects and electronics towards the 
               woods.

               They walk over a worn bridge of plywood.

               EXT. WOODS - CONTINUOUS

               They toss all the things on the ground

               Again they nod soberly at each other.

               Jeff rolls the largest electronics object into a clearing.  

               His hand picks up a sledgehammer.

               SMASH.  He busts open the electronic device with a mighty 
               blow from the sledge.  

               He smashes it more.

               And more.

               Finn smashes.

               The faggot smashes.

               There are other people here now, who smash as well.

               They smash all together.

               They smash separately.

               The music stops after time enough. 

               They smash rhythmically.

               They smash gaily.

               They smash amidst tomfoolery. 

               Nothing left but debris.

               Another electronic device thrown over the debris.

               The smashing continues.

               No sign of the smashing slowing.

               It goes on.

               Their antics degenerate.

               Hands drop blunt objects. 

               Then smashing.

               Then more dropping. 

               The second object now fully smashed into scattered debris.

               They're no longer truly "smashing" anything.

               Yet they smash. 

               Exhaustion.

               They breathe heavily, wipe their brows.

               Again, they smash at nothing.

               More electronics are tossed on the ground.

               These are smashed. 

               Smashing and tomfoolery.

               They make zany faces.

               They smash what remains of the objects.

               They target the largest remaining bits of debris.

               They reach their limit.  Quiet.  They stand, hunched over in 
               a circle.

               Exhaustion, regret, other mixed emotions on their faces. 

               Jeff wipes his brow, Finn approaches and begins to put his hand on 
               Jeff's shoulder.
			   
			   They hear the rustling of crisp autmn leaves and twigs snapping off in
			   the distance yet approaching them 
			   
									[Whispered]
                                     FINN
                         ...We shouldn’t have come back.

                                     JEFF
                         We have to go...
				
				They hurriedly take off in the direction opposite the noise, delving
				deeper into the forest 
				
				EXT. SPOOKY WOODS AT DUSK - CONTINUOUS
				
				After a relatively short sprint, our two heroes find themselves out of
				breath, but don't observe any indication that they are beeing followed
				
									JEFF
						What was THAT?!
						
									FINN
						I don't know, but We're definitely far enough off the beaten path
						so as to be away from prying eyes.
						
						Someone else must know about the film.
						
				The dynamic duo begins to try to reorient themselves, but it is readily
				apparent that they are lost
				
									JEFF
						You don't happen to remember the way we ran, do you?
						
									FINN
						No way man, I was too busy running from that spooky noise.
						
									JEFF
						Well ya know, it's starting to get dark out, and we don't know
						the way back to the car, so I think we might have to shelter in
						place for the night.
				
				Jeff begins to dig around in his backpack
				
						Thankfully I always bring a handle of Canadian Whisky and some 
						playing cards with me, because I'm not sure what else we'd do
						out here.
						
				Finn lets out an audible yip of excitement
				
									FINN
									
						Playing Moons while lost in the woods has always been a dream 
						of mine, and I'm sure it's on the TODO list, but how will we 
						see anything without some light?
						
						We better make a fire.  Let's split up to gather some wood for
						our forest festivities for the night.
						
				Jeff's facial expression clearly indicates that he doesn't think
				splitting up is the party's best interest
				
									JEFF
									
						Are you sure we should split up? We are in the middle of a spooky
						forest, and there seem to be plenty of logs nearby that we could 
						use.
						
									
				
						
				
			
